# Java 101
## What is programming?
<ul>
  <li>Programming is the act of telling a computer <i>exactly</i> what to do- no more, no less. This is why I love computers. While humans are particularly bad at obeying commands and executing them flawlessly, computers are rather perfectionists.</li>
  <li><i><b>"Why can't I just tell a computer what to do? Why do I have to learn how to program?"</b></i> asked the inquisitive student. Well, dear student, computers don't exactly know what words mean. I'm sure you've seen programming in the movies or on the internet and I'm sure you've seen a lot of 1's and 0's. Actually, the only thing computers know the meaning of are <b>1's and 0's</b>. The instructions composed of 1's and 0's is called <b>binary code</b>. This poses a problem: Computers can't understand your sentences, and you can't understand binary code. To prove my point that you can't read binary code, <br><code>01001000 01100101 01101100 01101100 01101111 00100000 01010111 01101111 01110010 01101100 01100100 00100001</code><br> is the binary code for <code>Hello World!</code> in binary code. In case a computer is reading this, <a href="https://www.scribd.com/doc/253133022/Bee-Movie-Script-Binary-Code">here's the bee movie script in binary code.</a></li>
  <li>In order to understand each other, humans use <b>programming languages</b> to convey instructions to a computer. Programming languages convert human-readable instructions (words) into binary code. There are thousands of programming languages that allow us to command computers, but the most functional and popular ones are <i>Java, C++, JavaScript, FORTRAN, and python</i>.</li>
</ul>
